Hahahaha
Dr. Qin really lives up to his reputation
But I'm curious
How do you know it's my Sun family and not someone else?
Blame these killers for being too professional
Zhengqing still can't find these people
Except for him
The only enemy I have is your Sun family
Hahahaha
Interesting, it seems that what the head of the family said is right
People like you
The extra moment you live is a variable
It seems that you have settled on me today, otherwise?
You go first, I'll protect you
No.
None of us have to leave today.
What do you mean?
General Zhang, have you seen enough of the play?
How did you know I was guessing here?
I finally know now
Why does that person like you so much?
My lord
Criminal Zheng Qing
Chen Hai Dangying Department
Suspected of murdering court officials
It is the law of the country for me
Somebody take it for me
Don't move!
Is the teacher sick?
Let's go
Stop in the past
I am from the Cheongju Zheng family
Who dares to touch me?
I am the bodyguard of the present-day Emperor
In the same way, Zheng Qing, do you think I dare to touch you?
What Zheng Qing? Zheng Qing
You let me say what you are good at
You don't think about it, Chen Hai wants to kill me
What's the use of pulling you a weak scholar?
Obviously looking for a scapegoat
this
Something you can come up with as long as you want to break your head
You just can't think of it
I have to rush to commit suicide
Who do you blame?
roll
So you've already thought of this step
Yeah, that's all they can do.
Poisoning, framing, discrediting
Nothing new.